Homebrew Security Audit (#881)
Homebrew/brew.sh: _posts/2022-05-15-homebrew-security-audit.md

---
title: Security Audit
author: MikeMcQuaid
---

> Homebrew has had a paid security audit and addressed all flagged issues. This blog post has been a long time coming, apologies for the delay.

Reviewer: Either `coming;` or `coming, so`

> Homebrew has had a paid security audit and addressed all flagged issues. This blog post has been a long time coming, apologies for the delay.

Author: ```suggestion
Homebrew has had a paid security audit and addressed all flagged issues. This blog post has been a long time coming; apologies for the delay.
```

Here's an overview of the timescale:

> - 11th June 2020: the [Mozilla Open Source program (MOSS)](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/moss/) reaches out to Homebrew as we were nominated for a paid, sponsored security audit by [Radically Open Security (ROS)](https://radicallyopensecurity.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 11th June 2020: The [Mozilla Open Source program (MOSS)](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/moss/) reaches out to Homebrew as we were nominated for a paid, sponsored security audit by [Radically Open Security (ROS)](https://radicallyopensecurity.com/)
```

> - 11th June 2020: Homebrew is introduced to ROS and provides the main areas of focus:

Reviewer: Subject/object confusion here. If Homebrew provided the main areas of focus, it should be the subject, e.g. `Homebrew meets with ROS and…`

> - 11th June 2020: Homebrew is introduced to ROS and provides the main areas of focus:

Author: ```suggestion
- 11th June 2020: Homebrew meets with ROS and provides the main areas of focus:
```

  - macOS sandbox escapes
  - CI/development workflow issues (e.g. ways to exploit our CI infrastructure or deploy changes that haven’t been reviewed)

>   - bad uses/setting/checking of Unix permissions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Bad uses/setting/checking of Unix permissions
```

>   - formulae being able to modify the [Homebrew/brew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) source process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Formulae being able to modify the [Homebrew/brew](https://github.com/Homebrew/brew) source process
```

> - 18th June 2020: Homebrew meets with ROS to further discuss the audit, scope and process and provide access to ROS systems (e.g. GitLab, RocketChat)

Reviewer: `ROS meets with Homebrew to…`

> - 18th June 2020: Homebrew meets with ROS to further discuss the audit, scope and process and provide access to ROS systems (e.g. GitLab, RocketChat)

Author: ```suggestion
- 18th June 2020: ROS meets with Homebrew to further discuss the audit, scope and process and provide access to ROS systems (e.g. GitLab, RocketChat)
```

- 23rd September 2020: MOSS and ROS confirm contract
- 14th October 2020: ROS begins security audit

> - October 2020 - March 2021: ROS communicates issues to Homebrew which are resolved e.g. with <https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/10970> and <https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/10972>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- October 2020 - March 2021: ROS communicates issues to Homebrew which are resolved, e.g. with <https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/10970> and <https://github.com/Homebrew/brew/pull/10972>
```

- 31st March 2021: ROS provides final security audit report to Homebrew

> - 4th April 2021: Homebrew provides a related [security incident disclosure](https://brew.sh/2021/04/21/security-incident-disclosure/) based on follow-up work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- 4th April 2021: Homebrew provides a related [security incident disclosure](https://brew.sh/2021/04/21/security-incident-disclosure/) based on follow-up work
```

The other bullet points don't end with a period, so this is simply for the sake of consistency.
